Do not make gifts

Let's say you have to automate some process in a bank, not knowing --- you are new in the bank --- that already two project managers broke their teeth 
on the project, and ended up being seriously sick as a consequence.

You have some experience in application design, and, in particular, you know that users of newly created applications tend not to anticipate their next
demand or development proposal. The project is interesting, and quite complicated, but maybe, using your imagination, you may be able to picture what the work 
of various people in the bank will be once the new application is in production. And so you can anticipate the next demand. So let's say, for our purpose, that
some of the developments, that you think could be asked for by the management of the users of this application, would make your life easier, and that some of 
the functionalities asked for the first release justifies some interesting design, but not quite.

The development, in this case, will be made simpler, and it will make the application extensible and adaptable to (unforeseen) demands of the users.

So the design is introduced in the development process, and it helps everyone, albeit the users don't realize the implications. The application goes into 
production, and all is going well. Actually, the application goes into production two months before the anticipated date, and eight months before if you include 
the usual six months accepted delay. The head of the user department asks for a major meeting. You, the project manager, are there, as well as your boss, and 
the boss of your boss. L'heure est grave. The head of the user department asks for a major modification to your application, to get new and important 
functionalities. And then, right there, big mistake.

Because you made that exercise of trying to figure out the next demand of the user, he is actually asking for something that is already included in the 
application, but only a couple of engineers know about it. In his head, this modification and awesome suggestion (from his part) might necessitate 
three months development, ou maybe six or nine. He is actually asking how long it will take for your team to develop what he is asking. And your answer is : 
one minute, maybe two, the time to get in front of some terminal and change some parameter. Big mistake. You just gave three, or maybe even nine months work by 
your team for nothing. Even worse. Because no one realized, you appear as someone untrustworthy. Bad for your carreer. Very bad.
